yeah very lucky to spend the day with
the leopards as leopards can be very shy
they like to hide away high up in the
trees but not today today Joey and your
sister taka are up and ready to learn
something new today we're learning to
climb Mama's waiting baka let's go mama
says climbing makes you hot and thirsty
so we need to get a big drink before we
get started
mmm that's so refreshing I'm ready for
my warmup
and the best way for us to warm up is to
play come on Parker there's a butterfly
this is a great way to warm up he's
learned to fly away fast so we'll have
to be quick to catch him right then mama
we're all warmed up and ready for
climbing practice now come on you two
let's go hey mama look I think I found
the perfect climbing frame a fallen tree
if we slip it's not so far to fall now
easy does it
mama Kissing nose is important for her
cubs to learn to climb safely once
you've shown them how she sits back to
watch your and Parker attempt their
first climb here I go whoa it's not as
easy as it looks is it Packer
I'll just go under here what's up this
is oh is it a dead end
where shall we go now hey this looks
like fun it's pretty high look at me
mama I'm balancing really well that was
great fun
we oh that's the end of the line I'll
have to find another way I think I'm
getting the hang of this